Docs: more documentation on restore + temp dir (#236)
logstash-plugins/logstash-output-s3: docs/index.asciidoc

S3 outputs create temporary files into the OS' temporary directory. 
You can specify where to save them using the `temporary_directory` option.

IMPORTANT: For configurations containing multiple s3 outputs with the `restore`

> option enabled, each output should define its own `temporary_directory`.

Reviewer: Given the dangers, we should probably stress here that temporary directories must not be sub-folders of other outputs temporary directories otherwise data loss could occur

Used to enable recovery after crash/abnormal termination.
Temporary log files will be recovered and uploaded.

> NOTE: If you're using multiple S3 outputs than make sure to always set
> <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-temporary_directory,`temporary_directory`>> to a
> unique directory, otherwise the recovery mechanism won't work correctly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: If you're using multiple S3 outputs, always set
<<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-temporary_directory>> to a
unique directory. Otherwise the recovery mechanism won't work correctly.
```

Reviewer 2: Tip: You don't have to add link override text if you want the link to use the heading. That is, `<<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-temporary_directory>> links to `temporary_directory` so no override is needed.

  * Default value is `"/tmp/logstash"`

Set the directory where logstash will store the tmp files before sending it to S3
default to the current OS temporary directory in linux `/tmp/logstash`.

WARNING: Using multiple S3 outputs with `restore => true` requires unique directories

> per output as all of the directory's contents gets processed and deleted upon recovery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
per output as all of the directory's contents gets processed and deleted upon recovery, and may cause data loss
```

> default to the current OS temporary directory in linux `/tmp/logstash`.
> 
> WARNING: Using multiple S3 outputs with `restore => true` requires unique directories
> per output as all of the directory's contents gets processed and deleted upon recovery, and may cause data loss
> For example, an output using `/tmp/s3` and a second configured with `/tmp/s3/sub` would
> cause issues (having temporary directories `/tmp/s3/sub1` and `/tmp/s3/sub2` is fine).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
default to the current OS temporary directory in linux `/tmp/logstash`.

WARNING: Using multiple S3 outputs with `restore => true` requires unique directories
per output. All of the directory's contents are processed and deleted upon recovery, and shared or nested directories can cause data loss.
For example, an output using `/tmp/s3` and a second configured with `/tmp/s3/sub` would
cause issues. Having temporary directories `/tmp/s3/sub1` and `/tmp/s3/sub2` is fine.
```

Reviewer 2: Minor rewording suggestion for your consideration.
